Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Race, a hundred hours!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Generic!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: July!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Guys! Stay ahead!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Every keystroke!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I don't know what?
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You're doing this!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Welcome to the ride!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shine bright in love, stay ahead.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Outskill the rest! Give it your own!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Give it your back!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Underneath the glow of a thousand dreams You're reaching higher Burstin' at the seas.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: A spark ignites.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: It's more than just a star.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Two weeks, a hundred hours in your heart.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: And every step, every try… Is a ladder to the sky.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shut it!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In the quiet hour When the world's asleep Building bridges wide.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You're diving deep.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In yours!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The future's here, you're shaping today
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shiny Willow!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Legitimate!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Every plan, you're building dreams with your own hands. The universe bends to your light. You're writing the story, you're changing the
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shining!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The gym!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The clock ticks loud, the race begins.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: A hundred hours to break with it. If you're just calling, don't look
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: AI's the train, stay on its train!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Feed on the moon
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The universe shifts when…
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Let's killer!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I've given it your best.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I'll kill the rain.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: 14 days to change the tide.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Release the spark you hold inside…
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Generative waves, you'll learn to ride!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The galaxy where you're skiing!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You've got the… You've got the *****
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Turn the unknown into… Oh, yo loud!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I'll scale the race!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Skills!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I'm giving your best.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Games in vain.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Woke up at noon It's a great kind of day
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Left ambition in my dreams to slowly fail away, I gotta get up.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: But I just got an old dry.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: To observe me, you can see that I'm barely alive
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Laid in bed staring at the ceiling. Empty days, I have lost all feeling. Clock ticks slow Barely see.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Lost and static. Motivation lost on me.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: some of my own time.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Drowning in the apathy of my lethargic mind. Need some motivation, need fire in my
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: change.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Destra!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Gotta live some kind.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Clothes on the floor, same shirt as last night, barely conscious and just nothing feels right. Shoes by the door, but I don't put them on, I make plans in my head, but my drive's long
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Through *****
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: My lethargic mind. Need some motivation.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Need fire in love there.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Some motivation, got tried.
Dileep Karri: Just give me a second.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, hi everyone.
Dileep Karri: So, welcome.
Dileep Karri: to another week of Claude Code. So, by tomorrow, we will wind up the Claude Code, part, and we will move
Dileep Karri: other sections.
Dileep Karri: And we will,
Dileep Karri: take it forward from there. So what we'll do is, today's thing, right, we will extend what we have started in the previous week, especially the AI automation agency that we were trying to build, and we will try to extend it by doing two things. One thing is, we will build… we will learn how to build custom skills.
Dileep Karri: how you can make your own custom skills and use it in Cloud Code, so that is something we will, show,
Dileep Karri: you know, how to do that. Second thing we are going to do is, we will do the…
Dileep Karri: how do you create a video, or how do you create some kind of a motion graphic through Cloud Code, okay? So, we will do both of these workflows today. Tomorrow, we will go for some advanced workflows, N10 workflows plus some other, you know.
Dileep Karri: other things that are present inside Cloud Code, some advanced
Dileep Karri: development-type workflows, some MCP servers that could be useful in cloud code. We haven't used MCP servers that I'll show tomorrow how you can import your MCP servers and use them together, but today I will kind of keep it focused on this.
Dileep Karri: I might use just one MCP server today, something that I would require, but the rest of the MCP servers, how do you install an MCP server, etc, we will see it tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so today we will see, building a custom, skill with an MCP server, okay, so that you can use that also. So that's what we are going to do. So let me, lay down…
Dileep Karri: The agenda… let's just second…
Dileep Karri: N80 inside of Claude, we will do it tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: Okay, just let me arrange my screens…
Dileep Karri: Alright, so what we are going to do today is, we are going to do only a few things, but this has got a very involved workflow, so pay very close attention. I will go slow here so that you all understand what we are doing. What we will do is, we will use Claude Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, for two workflows. One is custom skill, To build landing pages.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And what we'll do is we will dogfood this custom skill for landing pages to build the AI automation agency that we have been building, that landing page. Okay, so we will try to build the landing page for the AI automation agency that we are talking about.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And then what we will do is, I will show you how we can, use something called remotion skills. I'll talk about that in detail.
Dileep Karri: And create an ad.
Dileep Karri: Programmatically for our automation agency, as well as a third-party product.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that's what you're going to do. First part is…
Dileep Karri: A custom skill with landing pages.
Dileep Karri: And we will try to…
Dileep Karri: build one for our own AI automation agency. Second is, we will try to use the remotion skill. This part.
Dileep Karri: Right? This is a part wherein I have seen… I have experimented quite a bit, and I have seen that the outputs are not really great, okay? So when you see on Twitter people building, outputs, right, it is kind of a rage bait, where people showed, some other things as something they have edited, as they call it, which is completely wrong. So how do you at least get to some decent level
Dileep Karri: is what we are going to see today, so that remotion, skill, etc. will do. So these are the two workflows we'll do today.
Dileep Karri: And tomorrow, tomorrow's part will be NA10, plus some other, workflows, mainly around
Dileep Karri: you know, VIP coding, MCP servers, what are some good MCP servers you can call inside Cloud Code? Write some, what, what are some builders, what are the few builders who are trying to, use the, you know, kind of NA, you know, how they are using Cloud Code, some use cases.
Dileep Karri: Some do's and don'ts, and, like, wind up on the Cloud Codes sessions tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So,
Dileep Karri: I… as I mentioned in the office hours, some technical things you guys have wanted, that will do it in a separate session. I will touch a few of those, but most of it, we will do a separate session on the same, okay? So that not to overwhelm the non-tech people. So this is what we are going to do today.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So, the first part is, for any skill, what are the things that you require? Okay, so that is the understanding you need to have. Luckily, when you,
Dileep Karri: Cloud Code documentation is really good, okay? And what they have done is, their documentation is LLM-friendly.
Dileep Karri: Okay, what does it mean by LLM-friendly? If you look at this documentation, and you, kind of, open this, you have this thing called open implod.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So right now, everybody is now trying to build their documentation, which is…
Dileep Karri: Friendly towards, any kind of,
Dileep Karri: any AI LLMs, and this is what is called Agentic Friendly Page.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So pages which have like this, they are very friendly towards agents. That means when you give this webpage, agents can actually scrape the content. So that is why a lot of people with documentation, they have started putting this. So if you ever come across something like this, that is what is happening there.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I will just open this in Claude.
Dileep Karri: Just to show you how it looks like.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, read from this, so I can ask questions about it, and I'll touch on it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, for those of you, good news, Opus 4.6 is here, along with Codex 5.2, right? OPEX, sorry, Opus 4.6 has 1 million in context, so it is equivalent to Gemini CLI. Okay, so a lot of things about context not being sufficient, compaction happening, now that should get solved.
Dileep Karri: Okay, skills documentation is ready, so…
Dileep Karri: I want to build a custom skill.
Dileep Karri: What are the… Things?
Dileep Karri: I should be… careful about.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so if you are trying to build a custom skill, what do you think you should be careful about? So, I just wanted to show you that right here, this is official Anthropix documentation on when you are trying to build it out, what are the things that you need to take care, etc.
Dileep Karri: First thing is, description is everything for discovery, okay? So, basically, what it does is, you need to give a very good description for your skill, because if your skill has a vague description, it doesn't get triggered.
Dileep Karri: Okay, as I mentioned before, what happens for a skill in the last week, I told you that when you are trying to work with a skill, all the skills
Dileep Karri: the description…
Dileep Karri: Is always loaded, and whenever you put in a prompt, it will check with the description of all the skills and see if some particular skill has to be invoked or not.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that's what is, happening over here.
Dileep Karri: And, other thing is, keep skills focused on one capability, right? Don't create a broad document processing skill. Create a PDF form-filling, Excel data analysis, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is exactly what it is. Rest of the things you don't have to worry about, okay? These two are the very important parts, like, description should be good, you need to be clear what the skill should do, and just keep the skills focused on one capability.
Dileep Karri: Alright? You already have the custom skill creator, so there is a skill creator.
Dileep Karri: already present, okay? So, you can already use this to create your skills. So, we will use this to create a landing page.
Dileep Karri: Copy creator.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that is one skill we'll create. Second skill is landing page.
Dileep Karri: Builder, okay? We'll use… we'll do two skills, landing page copy creator, landing page builder, okay? For the landing page builder, I will use the…
Dileep Karri: Context?
Dileep Karri: 7, or RefMCP. I think context 7, everybody knows. I will see if I can include the ref MCP server.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And most of this, I will show you live, in the sense that I have not prepared some commands, some prompts. Only for remotion, I have some prompts ready, but the rest, I'm going to show you, so that it becomes super clear how you can use that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, watch carefully, and we will go step by step, and after I do the complete workflows, I will even, you know, kind of show you what is it that we have done, and what are the things we need to be wary of.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let me just stop my shield screen, and I will do the complete desktop screen share.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let me just cut off my Slack so that you don't get unnecessary DMs, etc.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So, what we will do first is, we need to build the landing page,
Dileep Karri: copy creator first, and whenever you are trying to create a custom skill, one pro tip, okay? Always… use…
Dileep Karri: Existing knowledge or playbooks.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So what it means is, you are not the only person building landing pages. Okay? There are people before you who have built tons of landing pages, and they have kind of crystallized their knowledge in some playbook somewhere.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Find that playbook first. Okay? Find that some creator who has done that work very well. Use that knowledge to build your skill. Okay? Very, very important.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I will show you one of the playbooks that I know, that is somebody called Julian.
Dileep Karri: Okay, Julian, I'll say… Landing page. Julian Shapiro is the name.
Dileep Karri: So, he has this complete resource on landing pages.
Dileep Karri: You see here, he has the complete…
Dileep Karri: You know, the full resource on landing pages, what are the elements, what are the things, what are the features that you need to do, and how you should design stuff, etc.
Dileep Karri: Right? So this is the complete landing page, this thing. I'll share that on the chat also.
Dileep Karri: So, one pro tip is, whenever you're building any skill, use existing knowledge. Don't try to think from zero.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You are not the person who has done it first. Assume that somebody else would have done it before, try to capture those elements, and if there is some knowledge that you have, you want to incorporate, you can incorporate. But for building the basic landing page, this is more than sufficient.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so I can copy this landing page.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I won't do anything else, and what I'll do is, I'll open my… AI Automation Agency.
Dileep Karri: the folder, last time I had opened it, okay? And I'll run plot.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Everybody clear so far what we had done?
Dileep Karri: Right? We are just doing a bunch of stuff, and we have just opened up Cloud Code to start to build our custom skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, first thing what I'll do is, I will ask it.
Dileep Karri: what skills… Do you have?
Dileep Karri: Available.
Dileep Karri: Okay, good idea to check what other skills we have. If you remember last time, we had loaded a lot of Anthropic skills, DocX, and bunch of things, etc. So, we are doing that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? If you see here, it has access to the following skills. Skill creator to create or update skills, okay? That is there, document processing, writing and communication, web development, as well as developer tools. Okay, so all these, MCP servers are available.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now what we are going to do is, we are going to create a new skill. For that, I will invoke using Skill Creator.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I am going to say… Claudius.
Dileep Karri: So I have a skill creator, which I invoked. No need to change, etc. For now, Sonnet is good enough, okay? Let me just check the usage, just to be on the safe side.
Dileep Karri: It is fine. For this skill, I don't require, Opus 4.6, etc. It is,
Dileep Karri: Pretty, decent.
Dileep Karri: Use the… Skill Creator.
Dileep Karri: to create a… Landing… Page.
Dileep Karri: I'll be… hang… design, skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: And use this.
Dileep Karri: as… Reference…
Dileep Karri: How to create.
Dileep Karri: Landing.
Dileep Karri: They just… Okay? Everybody clear so far what we have done?
Dileep Karri: I already had the skills installed from the previous time. I'm using the skill creator, and as I said, I want to create a landing page copy and design skill, okay? And I'm using this as the reference.
Dileep Karri: And I'll say… Enter.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so because I wanted to fetch that, I'll say yes.
Dileep Karri: So it is going to fetch the landing page, the complete website, and use that information to build, that, landing page copy and design skill for us.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so, skills landing page builder, and I will say, do I want to proceed? Yes.
Dileep Karri: So, what is happening? We are building that new skill, which is the landing page builder over here.
Dileep Karri: So, it is going to build the copywriting framework, Julian's Core Principles for Writing Effective Copy.
Dileep Karri: If you see here, Julian's core principles for Writing Effective Copy, the 7-component landing page structure, the framework for identifying and addressing objections, and a clean HTML SSS template following the structure. So now it is going to create the skill.
Dileep Karri: So this is a core formula, etc, etc, right? And, I will say yes.
Dileep Karri: Okay, structure guide also, I'll say yes. If you see here, the 7-page structure, navbar, hero section, requirements, social proof, placement structures, secondary CTF footer.
Dileep Karri: Etc, and… everything else.
Dileep Karri: That, if you can give the additional prompt, you can say terms and conditions, privacy policy, etc. Right now, I'm doing the bare minimum here. You can add that and edit the skill if you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Testing feedback, yes.
Dileep Karri: So now it has built these assets, now the main skill.md file is getting created.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So the idea here is, I will build this landing page creator skill.
Dileep Karri: Alright, and if you see here, this is the important part, okay? The description, look at the description.
Dileep Karri: Which is saying, create high-converting landing pages with effective copy and design. When creating… use when creating landing pages, improving conversion rates, writing landing page copy, designing landing product pages, optimizing hero sections.
Dileep Karri: Building marketing pages for SaaS apps, e-commerce services, applies
Dileep Karri: proven frameworks for copywriting, structure, objection handling, and conversion optimization. Now, you need not worry about
Dileep Karri: who will write this? Claude is intelligent enough to use the skill creator skill to write this up, but you should describe clearly
Dileep Karri: What you want the skill to do, and the skill should do only one thing.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is very, very important.
Dileep Karri: I'll say, Yes?
Dileep Karri: Okay, some assets it is going to…
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it has created the skill, it doesn't require the assets, this thing. So now the skill is available. Look at this. I have the landing page builder skill, okay, where these are the references. The skill provides a comprehensive framework for creating high-converting landing pages, including
Dileep Karri: core conversion formula, the seven component structure, the copywriting principles, objection handling, testing, and feedback. The skill will automatically trigger when you ask Claude to write landing page copy, design product pages, etc, and so on.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is the first skill that we have created.
Dileep Karri: Alright? Now, we need to create a skill Food?
Dileep Karri: building the landing page, and I want a very good React landing page to be built whenever I ask for something, okay? So this is the part where it… when it says create a landing page, I will use it mainly for writing the copy. The copy, I will use it to design separately. For that, I'll need a different skill.
Dileep Karri: Alright? And for that, first thing I'll need to do is…
Dileep Karri: I'll need to find the command, 2… import… MCP… server.
Dileep Karri: In Claude.
Dileep Karri: Cool.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So the command is Claude add from Claude Desktop, okay? Claude MCP, add from Claude Desktop.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this is the command. So what we are doing is, we are trying to now… go from…
Dileep Karri: designing, you know, writing the copy for landing pages to building the landing pages, and for that, I will need to add MCP servers.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Hold on, I'll come to the questions, let me say my piece, okay? I see some questions. Please hold on.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now, when I'm doing this, right, I also sometimes need to add MCP server to chlorophyll.
Dileep Karri: How do I add MCP servers to Cloud Code?
Dileep Karri: Okay? That also, you have got everything available.
Dileep Karri: Alright? Anytime you want to add MCP servers, you can add them. You want to import from Cloud Desktop, you can do that. You can do anything that you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, first step for the next part, see, you are… when you are saying…
Dileep Karri: You know, creating, creating, we are trying to just build the copy of the landing page.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then… when I'm saying building.
Dileep Karri: Building is when I actually build the landing page. So creating is the copy, building is the actual coding part of it.
Dileep Karri: So, when you're building your skills, always ensure that you are not, you know, kind of,
Dileep Karri: Now, putting too many things in a single skill? Keep it atomic in nature.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Awesome. So now, what we are going to do is, I'm going to import some MCP servers into our… this thing. For that.
Dileep Karri: I'll copy this command.
Dileep Karri: So I'm not this…
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I have the landing page skill.
Dileep Karri: Now, I need to import the MCP servers.
Dileep Karri: From here.
Dileep Karri: So, I'm going to check what are the different MCP servers that I already have installed, and then do this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, sorry, I think I need to quit first.
Dileep Karri: Okay? We have to run this not on cloud code, but on the terminal itself. So if it is Windows Shell, you'll have to run on Windows Shell. If it is Mac, you'll have to run it on the terminal. This command, cloud MCP, add from Cloud desktop, if you have got the MCP servers already added. Okay? If you have to add a new MCP server in Cloud Code, that also
Dileep Karri: I will show you. And you don't have to remember these commands.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I don't remember these comments. I check on Google, the AI mode tells me, or I check on perplexity, they will tell me.
Dileep Karri: I copy and I paste. Don't ever try to think that, okay, I have to mug up all the commands. You just have to search, copy, paste, and they will run.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I have run this now.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so… It has found all of these MCP servers.
Dileep Karri: Where is the…
Dileep Karri: I think the MCP server that I want is not there. Okay, good.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I have to import my own MCP server.
Dileep Karri: So what I'll do is…
Dileep Karri: Go to Perplexity.
Dileep Karri: I want to import… the context… 7, I want to install…
Dileep Karri: Wait, con… okay, I'll use Context 7 already. Context 7 MCP Server.
Dileep Karri: Board.
Dileep Karri: Tell me the steps.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the, one it is asking.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so which is the context 7,
Dileep Karri: you know, MCP server, how you should install.
Dileep Karri: And this API key, you don't have to worry about it, so you can go to…
Dileep Karri: I think it is an optional API key.
Dileep Karri: Let me see if it works.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Your MCP Server Context 7 has been added.
Dileep Karri: It is as simple as that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, once again, the sequence of steps, whenever I want to add an MCP server, I search on Perplexity which MCP server I want to add. Perplexity will tell me the command, I copy, and I paste it over here.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now I will…
Dileep Karri: I'll no se… You are?
Dileep Karri: Okay, and I'll say what MCP servers are Available.
Dileep Karri: Okay? 6 MCP servers are installed. For me, my Context 7 MCP server is installed.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Everybody clear so far what I have done?
Dileep Karri: Right? I have…
Dileep Karri: try to install the MCP server, you don't have to worry about, you know, I don't know the command, I don't have to do anything. I go to Perplexity, I try to do everything, and then I set it up.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So…
Dileep Karri: So now that I have this MCP server, let me start building this landing page, and then I'll do the quick recap as the landing page building is done. So now I have to do the skill creator again.
Dileep Karri: Skill Creator.
Dileep Karri: I want you… To build a skill, That can take an existing landing page… Copy.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I want to build a skill that can take an existing landing page copy, and build it.
Dileep Karri: into a… good-looking, landing page.
Dileep Karri: After taking the… inputs… design language.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I want to take the inputs on the design language.
Dileep Karri: And?
Dileep Karri: Build it.
Dileep Karri: Using the… context… 7, MCP Server.
Dileep Karri: So that the… Right?
Dileep Karri: Libraries.
Dileep Karri: R?
Dileep Karri: Used.
Dileep Karri: So, better to double-check, even if you have using cursor or VS Code, better double-check by checking whether, like, for example, here I checked before which MCP servers are available, and then I try to do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now, what kind of landing page copy will users typically provide? I will say structured markdown, that is the thing.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I think, any of the above, I think, will give, but mostly it will be structured, marked down with a design brief, and a copy. So, I'll say…
Dileep Karri: structured… down.
Dileep Karri: Along with… Design… Brief, and copy.
Dileep Karri: Sometimes, the structured… Mark done.
Dileep Karri: itself… would be… sufficient.
Dileep Karri: So, suppose the given options are not suitable and you want to convey something, you can actually type your option and give it.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, design inputs. I will provide the colors, fonts, and spacing preferences, so I will say, custom.
Dileep Karri: Specifications, mainly.
Dileep Karri: Tech stack, I will use React plus, Tailwind, that is a decent stack.
Dileep Karri: priorities, I think I will go for speed and simplicity for now.
Dileep Karri: With a little bit of visual polish.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And I can submit the answers.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So,
Dileep Karri: now, what it will, do is, it is going to… okay, it is asking a few more questions. UI libraries, I think,
Dileep Karri: use shared CN, maybe, output
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'm just giving it all the answers so that it can build it out.
Dileep Karri: I'll say… Yes?
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now what you're doing is, I'm trying to build a landing page converter. Here, I try to import the MCP servers. So let me just recap everything I have done so far, so that people are clear.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so what we have done is, so far, number one, we have tried to create two skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay, first skill is landing page.
Dileep Karri: Copy.
Dileep Karri: Which can create a… Copy slash design.
Dileep Karri: your requirements.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Second is, I did the… landing page, converter.
Dileep Karri: which can… Bill?
Dileep Karri: we… landing page.
Dileep Karri: of mine.
Dileep Karri: design.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This is what we're trying to do. This one is straightforward. I just, use the hashtag skill creator.
Dileep Karri: to just tell that this is what I want. It asked me a few questions, and it built it.
Dileep Karri: This one is a little tricky, because I wanted the MCP server of Context 7, so that the latest libraries are used when building the stuff.
Dileep Karri: And for importing the MCP servers, I used Perplexity to identify the command. I got the MCP servers into my cloud code, and after I have gotten the MCP servers into my cloud code, I am, you know, trying to
Dileep Karri: build the skill, and whenever I'm building a skill, Cloud Code will ask me questions, I'll have to submit the answers so that it is able to do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so clear so far what we had done. We are now building two skills. One is the landing page copy, this thing, and the other is a landing page converter.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And all of this, we have built it in Cloud Code itself.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So I'm saying you can build it in Cloud Code itself.
Dileep Karri: You see here, this is the landing page converter. Convert landing page copy into polished landing pages using shared CN components, etc, and it is going to build this out for us.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so context 7 integration is there, custom design system is there, modern stack, single file output, production, ready.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now we are ready to build our landing page copy, as well as, you know, build our landing page. Okay? For that, first thing is, we will need a name for our AI automation agency.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, any names, some very trendy names that you can think of for the AI automation agency that we are trying to create?
Dileep Karri: Agent-wise, okay, that is Harshitz, right? We need to have our own.
Dileep Karri: Regency?
Dileep Karri: Use Kumar, I will advise you to kind of do that yourself, okay? I don't want to get distracted into something else, that you can try it out yourself, because
Dileep Karri: After this, the workflow will get a little complex, and I don't want to deviate from that, okay? So you can try out that, these things yourself. Wisely, A3 Applied AI Applications, Win With AI, Ray Agency, AI Catalyst Group Agency, Control-Alt-Build.
Dileep Karri: I like regency, okay? Let us build our regency services.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now, let me say… What are the… skills available.
Dileep Karri: Just so that we know the names of the skills properly, okay? Just to be on the safe side.
Dileep Karri: Okay, there is a landing page builder, which will create high converting landing page copy, and landing page converter, okay?
Dileep Karri: Let's say a landing page.
Dileep Karri: Builder.
Dileep Karri: I have an… I have a new automation… sorry, I have a new AI automation agency.
Dileep Karri: Which… specializes… in… Landing pages… as well as… NATM… Automations… Across… Knowledge, work-based.
Dileep Karri: industries.
Dileep Karri: Yes, WhisperFlow works even on the terminal. I'm kind of typing it right now because I'm thinking and typing, okay? So, it is something I'm doing on the fly.
Dileep Karri: Across knowledge-based agencies.
Dileep Karri: I'll just show it on Whisperflow also.
Dileep Karri: So, for this landing page, I want you to give an output in the form of a markdown, which clearly specifies the design elements, the copy elements, etc. Let me share the design element copy that I am interested in.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So I want to give the design element copy, right? So for that, what I'll do, I'll go to superdesign.dev.
Dileep Karri: And I have multiple styles that are available.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So you tell me which one do you like? This is the Super Design,
Dileep Karri: This thing's clean, it is neat.
Dileep Karri: Right? It looks good.
Dileep Karri: then… This, I'm not sure. I like the first one, I think I'll go with this only, the mosaic…
Dileep Karri: grid architecture.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'm… Copy the prompt.
Dileep Karri: I'll copy this…
Dileep Karri: Okay, now I will go back to my… terminal.
Dileep Karri: Here is the design.
Dileep Karri: Pink.
Dileep Karri: Say, design, language, Spec.
Dileep Karri: ask anymore.
Dileep Karri: clarifying.
Dileep Karri: Questions?
Dileep Karri: Before giving neither.
Dileep Karri: Let's go.
Dileep Karri: The name… sorry, I forgot to tell the name. The name of the agency, is… our agency.
Dileep Karri: Yep.
Dileep Karri: So, it has Regency, my AI automation agency, it has the excellent design spec. Before I create the complete markdown with copy and design specifications, it is going to ask me. Primary focus. So, I say the primary focus would be…
Dileep Karri: Lead with the business problem rather than specific purposes, so we are a problem-first approach. I like this part, so I'll go with the problem-first approach.
Dileep Karri: Ideal customer, I would say, knowledge work agencies, that will be the ideal customer.
Dileep Karri: core problem… need automation but lack technical expertise, so that is what I want to provide.
Dileep Karri: And high agency costs, and I'll say next.
Dileep Karri: design, book a discovery call, I would say get a free audit, or, you know, I warned.
Dileep Karri: people to… put their email.
Dileep Karri: Or put their website.
Dileep Karri: and email.
Dileep Karri: So that… they can… get a… Customized.
Dileep Karri: Requirements… Questionnaire.
Dileep Karri: Okay, remember, we built that requirements questionnaire agent, which can look at the website and actually build the questionnaire.
Dileep Karri: So, this is what I'm saying.
Dileep Karri: Them?
Dileep Karri: I also submit.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, key differentiator. What is it that you want the key differentiator? Speed plus expertise, technical plus creative, industry expertise, etc. I'll go with more technical plus creative, okay? Because…
Dileep Karri: I think that's what we bring to the table. You can change anything later on. This is important to frame that landing page copy messaging.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now it's going to create the markdown specification for our Regency landing page that converts the high converting copy with the technical minimalist design language.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so why I'm building this? Once I build this out, okay, once I am able to look at this particular landing page, we will then actually build a video ad for this landing page.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that's what we are going to do.
Dileep Karri: So this is like a true agentic builder, where you are giving your inputs, and different agents are now working on the backend, trying to build all this stuff for you.
Dileep Karri: Alright, as it is building, let me give you the quick introduction to Remotion, the steps required, etc, so that once this is built and I start the next building of the landing page, we can actually, you know, focus on how remotion can be used.
Dileep Karri: So what I'll do is, I will let the landing page build, and I'll allow it to build, but in parallel, I will take outskilled landing page and try to
Dileep Karri: show you how you can build the video for Outskill, okay? So that's what we are going to do.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Everybody clear so far? Any questions still now? What we have done? I hope not too technical, try to go slow, try to show exactly what we are doing.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Can you take an existing landing page in Lovable or Bold, and use it in Cloud Core for creating videos? You can do that, but the caveat is, either you need to have the code exported into your workspace, that is number one.
Dileep Karri: or the second part, you will need to actually, for the…
Dileep Karri: the thing that you're trying to build, you need to have it hosted, and you have to give the URL.
Dileep Karri: If you can do that, you can work with it.
Dileep Karri: Yes, you can convert your GitHub repository, everything is possible.
Dileep Karri: The last part.
Dileep Karri: So, last part is nothing. What I did was, I just told that this is my AI automation agency, and I wanted an output in the form of a markdown, and this style, I actually copied
Dileep Karri: I actually copied the
Dileep Karri: this style from Super Design.
Dileep Karri: Okay, SuperDesign was the place. I copied the style, I added it, and then it tried to build it from there.
Dileep Karri: What is the best way to create the copy for an existing landing page? I think, same thing, right? You give your existing landing page, you give the skill, you ask it to look at the existing landing page, audit the copy, and rebuild it in this time. That would be the best way.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now I think it has already built.
Dileep Karri: You see here, ragency, landing page, complete specification, target audience, core problem, conversion goal, the typography.
Dileep Karri: Okay? All the typography, the color palette.
Dileep Karri: Then, the page structure and the copy.
Dileep Karri: Right? Then the hero section.
Dileep Karri: All of that.
Dileep Karri: You see, it has built a very, very… You know, Great landing page.
Dileep Karri: specification right now, okay? I'll say, yes, I want to create that.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so let me open this in cursor also, so that you can see it completely.
Dileep Karri: I'll open the folder.
Dileep Karri: If you see here, the complete primary colors, the palette, the page structure, and the copy, social proof section, then primary problem statement, etc.
Dileep Karri: Then, a bunch of different things it has mentioned. All of that has been created for you.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now that it is created, now we will build the landing page.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it's asking, convert this spec into the actual React Plus Tailwind code using the landing page converter skill. It is already asking, it is intelligent enough to ask for that. I will say…
Dileep Karri: Yes.
Dileep Karri: Please.
Dileep Karri: So, the landing page converter has been loaded, because we have explained it very clearly, and everything it knows. So, first thing it is asking is whether I should use the Contact 7 MCP server or not.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I'll give it the permission.
Dileep Karri: For it to actually use the Context 7 MCP server.
Dileep Karri: So, again, this is a tool that you have, right? This is a tool that you have. You decide whether I'll use this or not.
Dileep Karri: I am, I am… what we are trying to do is trying to show you the power of Cloud Code, so that you have the complete thing at your fingertips, and then you take a decision whether I will use this, I will use Cursor, we have taught Cursor also, you have seen other platforms also. You will decide, okay, which one is
Dileep Karri: you know, I am comfortable with.
Dileep Karri: Okay, Madhu is saying unsubscribe everywhere, only Claude, good. Okay.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now it is building the complete regency landing page component with the technical minimalist design.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so as it is building, okay, let us quickly understand the next part, which is the exciting part of building videos.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, what we are going to do is, we are going to go into the next step, where we will…
Dileep Karri: Build video, ads.
Dileep Karri: Using… *********
Dileep Karri: So this is going to a very different territory, where you are trying to build ads using Cloud Code, and
Dileep Karri: As I told you, very nascent technology. People have not been able to get very good output, but I found a system which can give a decent output over here, and what I realized
Dileep Karri: is… You need a lot of, background knowledge.
Dileep Karri: For building good ads.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Especially things about how, storyboarding for the video. You need things like, you need to understand what are the motion design principles. There is a lot of jargon you need to understand.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So what I try to do is, I try to look at other creators, how they are doing, try to take their prompts, it is not something that I built myself, I should be very, very, careful when I'm doing that. I look at multiple creators' work with emotion.
Dileep Karri: took the parts that I liked, and I'm trying to show you that this is the part that I like. And showcasing one way. You are free to take this, what I teach you, to use it in your use cases the way you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, when you're doing this video ads using Cloud Code, what it's trying to do is, it is doing programmatic
Dileep Karri: Video.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, what it means is, somebody, some creator, okay, some builder, actually tried to
Dileep Karri: convert the video creation process into a programmatic manner. So, basically, what he did was, he created a small design language
Dileep Karri: to specify how a video is created. Okay, so I'll give you a quick, this thing. He tells, like, something like header.
Dileep Karri: Some… the name of the header, I close the header.
Dileep Karri: Then I'll say animate.
Dileep Karri: I'll say, move… Left 2… Right?
Dileep Karri: And I close the animate.
Dileep Karri: And so on. So this entire design language was created by somebody.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And that design language is called remotion.
Dileep Karri: Where, through text, you can describe exactly how your video should be created, or how your video is animated.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So what Claude Code does is, it vibe codes this specification.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so programmatic video has arrived in this way, that you are specifying how this video has to look in terms of some language. I'm not saying exactly this, but somewhat like this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And the remotion is the library that helps you create this language, this code. So, end of the day, Claude Code is a coding creator, it's a wipe coder. Okay, you explain what you want, it can write code. So, it writes the code for your video.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So it is writing code for your video at the end of the day, and that's why, because it is writing code for your video, even people who are non-technical with Cloud code, you are able to write code for your video. Are you guys understanding what this remotion
Dileep Karri: skills is all about. It is just you writing code, but because you are vibe coding, you don't see the code.
Dileep Karri: Cloud Code is building that for you.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This is creating a landing page, you still have to build in the functionality, other things, yes?
Dileep Karri: Umesh, you have to build that. That, again, you can continue building that. I wanted to show you that how you can build your own custom skills, invoke those custom skills to actually build whatever you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is what is happening. I think, our, this thing is ready. So, yes, it's a new language to clot to create video.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Allow all edits.
Dileep Karri: So, the… why it has become viral is, recently they… they launched remotion Skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Because they launched remotion Skills, it became very easy to, you know, connect it to Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: And why build your videos?
Dileep Karri: or vibe edit your videos, people have multiple nomenclature, you are able to do that. So that is what has happened. So it is a programmatic video, it's a wrapper wherein you can actually describe what is the video that you want, and Cloud Code will build that video for you.
Dileep Karri: Alright?
Dileep Karri: So, how to install remotion skills? Okay, so that's the first thing we'll understand.
Dileep Karri: Always, I would say, You would, go here and say, How to install… re-motion.
Dileep Karri: Skills?
Dileep Karri: or… Windows and Mac.
Dileep Karri: So these are, agent, you know, remotions, skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, to install that, you will require Node.js, okay? If you're having, say, Cloud Desktop, you will have Node.js, so you don't have to worry. If you are running Cloud Desktop, you have Node.js. Without Node.js, you cannot run Cloud Desktop.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Or sorry, you can run cloud desktop, actually. You cannot have an MCP server.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, ensure that you are installing Node.js, and after you install Node.js, you should add this command npx skills at remotionDev slash skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? When you,
Dileep Karri: enter this command, it will give you the set of steps by which you can install remotion skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Is this part clear how you can install remotion skills? You need to install Node.js, and then you need to install this particular command to install your skills.
Dileep Karri: If you have got Claude Code, Cursor, windsurf, anything installed, it will actually prompt you where should it install, and you can select where you have to install this particular remotion skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I already have it installed, so I'm not reinstalling it, but you can check it out yourself.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The component is ready, for this thing, exact color, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: I'll say…
Dileep Karri: Can you copy all the files in one project directory and tell me how exactly I should run this particular… or open this landing page?
Dileep Karri: See, Claude Co-work, the reason I'm not touching this, it is very buggy right now. I have tried Cloud Co-work, super buggy, so it is better to kind of,
Dileep Karri: you know, use it with, in the terminal itself. As I said last time, I had given you the resource codingformarketers.com. Check that out. Trust me, this becomes very easy for you to work very well.
Dileep Karri: So wait for it, we will see the landing page, and then we'll get into the next part, which will be trying to build the ad for this.
Dileep Karri: So I will show you both the things. I will show you how you can build an ad for a own landing page for which the code already is there with you.
Dileep Karri: Or, how you can build it for something which is already, you know, kind of present
Dileep Karri: like, how you can build a landing page for something which is a third party also. Sorry, how you will build the video for the third party.
Dileep Karri: Clear so far, everybody?
Dileep Karri: Are you following me?
Dileep Karri: Okay, I know it's a slightly difficult, territory, but trying to go as slow and show you everything as there. If you're not able to follow, do check the recording. Once you watch it, you will get even more clarity.
Dileep Karri: Okay, as it is doing, I will check on cursor.
Dileep Karri: the complete directory. So this is the reagency landing page.
Dileep Karri: And, this is the README.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so read me what I should do. I should go into the landing page, I should do npm install, okay, and I should do npm start, and this is the local host.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll just wait for it to complete, and then we can see.
Dileep Karri: The thing which is happening.
Dileep Karri: Okay, all set right now. Everything is set right now. Now the movement of truth to check how our landing pages come out.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So… What I'll do is, I'll open the terminal in a new tab. I'll say… new tab.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I will actually go into… No?
Dileep Karri: Agency… landing page.
Dileep Karri: And say…
Dileep Karri: NPM install, npm start.
Dileep Karri: So, I have the readme.md, I'm just running that, npm install.
Dileep Karri: Any errors come, of course, we have to debug before we do anything.
Dileep Karri: But, should be fine.
Dileep Karri: In the meanwhile, I'll just tell you this. Can you give me… a quick… brief.
Dileep Karri: re-motion… Skills.
Dileep Karri: I just want to check what it understands about remotion skills.
Dileep Karri: Inc.
Dileep Karri: So there is some error, I'll have to copy this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Since my other thing is building, I'll just… use… Claude?
Dileep Karri: And then save.
Dileep Karri: This is the… Error.
Dileep Karri: Or does it?
Dileep Karri: Or I'll do it in Cloud code only, that is better.
Dileep Karri: This is the error.
Dileep Karri: I'm getting… From the…
Dileep Karri: reagency.
Dileep Karri: Learning page.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now what I'm doing is I'm doing a basic debugging rate, so don't worry.
Dileep Karri: Working in Cloud Code via VS Code, anytime I turn on VSC, how do I call the project the nest way, so that I don't lose the context?
Dileep Karri: So, if you're working on a project, ensure that before you close, you say, update clot.md with all the necessary context, so that you know that next day when you're starting, everything is ready.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I'm copying this.
Dileep Karri: So, even if it's a NATEN workflow, right? So, depending on your project, run multiple files, okay? That is a better way. Don't cram everything in a single clot.md. Every project should have its own cloud.md. So, if it is an project, it should have its own cloud.md, and, you know, kind of allow it to run.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Moment of truth.
Dileep Karri: There you go. Regency, AI automation for knowledge work. Your agency runs on spreadsheets, and hope, let's fix that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, we build conversion-focused landing pages and innate and workflow automations that eliminate manual work without the technical complexity or six-figure bills. Get your custom automation roadmap.
Dileep Karri: Right? So I can kind of, you know, get the email and their website, and I can run a small,
Dileep Karri: Cloud agent in the backend, which will then send them the requisition questionnaire document.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Beautiful, I think. It has picked up everything very well.
Dileep Karri: And, you know, it has…
Dileep Karri: you know, built everything that is required. Some assets are required overall, but more or less, it is ready.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So we have built our basic landing page.
Dileep Karri: Overall, and anytime you kind of want to build anything that you want to change, or you want to, you know, fix the copy, you can build the copy, right? I like this copy. Your agency runs on spreadsheets and Hope, let us fix that.
Dileep Karri: Which is a very clear telling that, your agency is suffering, let us help you fix it.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now that we have this, landing page, etc, all that.
Dileep Karri: Right? Now is the time for us to build some kind of a ad, or a motion design thing for this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And now, for this, is…
Dileep Karri: we will start using Remotional, okay? Till now, everybody's clear, right? We have built a landing page, which…
Dileep Karri: is for the agency. Now you want to build the ad for this agency with Cloud Code. Are we all ready for this, the next part of the workflows?
Dileep Karri: Okay, cool? So let's start.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so before we do this, let me explain a little bit about storyboarding, okay, so that everybody understands why we are going to do what we are going to do.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And this comes… so, I know about this, I'll tell you a little bit as to how I know this stuff. So, in my college days, I used to be a playwright, and I have written close to 50-plus plays.
Dileep Karri: And luckily, one of them got staged even at Rangashankara, one of the big auditoriums at Bangalore.
Dileep Karri: So, when we write a drama.
Dileep Karri: Right? It is very important… two things become very important. First is the storyboard.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And the next, important part is the, What do you call it?
Dileep Karri: Mmm…
Dileep Karri: storyboard, I'm just trying to get the exact word. It is something like context.
Dileep Karri: I'll explain what it means, okay? So the context is…
Dileep Karri: Very, very important. So, basically what we do here is, for every drama, you need to set a storyboard wherein you know exactly who your characters are, what is the situation of your characters, and that is the context.
Dileep Karri: what they are trying to do to achieve something. Okay, so there are multiple frameworks which are available.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, whenever you're trying to build an ad, building the storyboard becomes very important.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, basically, when you want an ad, you say your idea. Idea should become storyboard plus the context, and this becomes the screenplay.
Dileep Karri: And the screenplay becomes your actual ad.
Dileep Karri: Okay? In between, you will even add elements like the design language.
Dileep Karri: What are the design language that you would like to have? The design specification, the design language of your ad, how does it look like, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And you need to figure out how you are able to understand this part.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So therefore, when you are trying to build the ad for your remotion, okay, you need to kind of build the screenplay storyboard step by step, and once you build the screenplay and the storyboard step by step.
Dileep Karri: You finally… then you say, okay, this is a screenplay and storyboard, now you build the complete ad.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the workflow. I will share this workflow with all of you, okay?
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is the document you can, refer, alright? So this will tell you exactly the different steps involved for you to build the remotion ad.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I have built this workflow with inspiration from other creators, just so that, you know, we are able to build it for any use case that we want.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, for this.
Dileep Karri: what I will, you know, kind of do is, we will do it step by step.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The first prompt is input extraction, which is the complete landing page analysis.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For the landing page that you want to build, how will you, kind of.
Dileep Karri: Go ahead and do that.
Dileep Karri: Right?
Dileep Karri: It is not similar to Pomeli. It does the same thing, but yeah.
Dileep Karri: Not very similar, okay? So, I'm copying this right now. Okay, step one is.
Dileep Karri: Understanding the landing page. So, I have the agency, I have the regency that I am trying to build for. I need to understand this landing page for me to build out the ad assets for this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, it is now Local House 3000, but anyways, I can just say that you can go through the code or understand stuff, etc.
Dileep Karri: Alright?
Dileep Karri: So now, I will say… I'll put the prompt.
Dileep Karri: And I'll say the URL… Is the reagency… URL, that is… Running… Local host… 3,000.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, you know, I am just saying that Claude wants to fetch this thing. Okay, I'll say yes.
Dileep Karri: It is… it'll, of course, say invalid URL.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: But hopefully, because I said it is the reagency one, it should pick up that exact spec specification.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, so for that, you'll have to go to a hosting site. There is Netlify, there is Versal, etc. There, you'll have to import and, you know, kind of host it there.
Dileep Karri: So here, what I'm trying to do is the product name, the headline, the sub-headline, the benefits, the CTA, the social proof, tone, pricing, key stats, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay, here you go. It has gotten regency. Your agency runs on spreadsheet and hope, let's fix that. The benefits, the target audience, and you have got all the important requirements.
Dileep Karri: That can start the first phase.
Dileep Karri: Of building out your ad.
Dileep Karri: Okay, everybody with me so far? You have the document on the chat, you can open it up and keep it on your side to just follow the steps I'm doing. But all of you understood, right, why we are going this long, winded route for building out this ad? What is the stuff that we are doing?
Dileep Karri: Now, this step, right, if I want to do it for any other website, I just have to give it a different URL.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I give it a different URL, it will work for the same.
Dileep Karri: Okay, clear, everybody. Can I move to the next step?
Dileep Karri: Everybody?
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Correct.
Dileep Karri: So now we are doing the video ad stuff.
Dileep Karri: So, after the… you got this right, you need to talk about the system setup, where you will tell something like, you are a senior motion designer and senior remotion engineer, thinking systems, timelines, reusable components, do not jump ahead, okay? Wait for confirmation before moving to the next phase.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: And so on and so forth.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So… I copy…
Dileep Karri: I paste it.
Dileep Karri: And I say, ask me… clarifying… Or shimps?
Dileep Karri: But Amy…
Dileep Karri: missing info. Always a good line to add, in case something is missing, it will ask you the same.
Dileep Karri: So, what we are doing next is, we are trying to build the project brief and the various constraints that are there, okay? So, missing information, product name, I assume regency, it is correct. Landing page data, I have the extracted JSON, okay? So, I'll now give the complete answer.
Dileep Karri: The project is… the product name is agency, exactly, and you can use the JSON that has been provided. The primary goal is lead generation. I want to…
Dileep Karri: make people drive the form submissions so that they can get their requirements questionnaire to solve their problems. That is the kind of thing, like, I want to give an open call to solve their problems.
Dileep Karri: Use the same design system, which is the technical minimalist design system already present for agency. Aspect ratio, use 16 is to 9, which is mainly used for YouTube or the website. Frame rate, use the standard frame rate. Target duration, make it 15 seconds quick social ad. And,
Dileep Karri: The primary, message priority is the problem and how I can address the solution.
Dileep Karri: The platform will be organic, and the call to action is to submit the form To get the,
Dileep Karri: You know, the requisition, or the requirements questionnaire overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I have given it all the questions answered, so now it should be able to make the good project brief.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so here is it. Brief. This is a brief. This is a creative brief.
Dileep Karri: Okay, product regency, goal, primary message, design system, typography, aspect ratio, frame rate, duration, platform is fine, CTA, this is fine.
Dileep Karri: Strategic focus, problem hook, solution intro, CTA push. So it is very clearly defining what needs to be built. Key stats, etc.
Dileep Karri: visual style is this, confirmation of everything I need, ready to proceed to phase one, and then we can move forward. So we have the creative brief ready right now.
Dileep Karri: The next step after Creative Brief.
Dileep Karri: is visual system, like, what are the typical visual systems that you want, etc, and all that. So…
Dileep Karri: I already have given this design system, but just, you know.
Dileep Karri: To be on the safe side.
Dileep Karri: you already… I would, design system.
Dileep Karri: This is fair.
Dileep Karri: Extra… Clarification.
Dileep Karri: In case the design system is not proper, you will have to give the specification for the design system, and in case you don't know your design system, what you can do is take the screenshot of your web page with GoFullPage, put it in Gemini, ask it to tell the design system, it'll build the design system as you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now, after the design system, right, we will go into the storyboarding.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So where we tell the hook, the problem, the solution, the proof, the features, and the CTA.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that structure and everything that you want to build, right? That will actually, you know, help you create the right sort of video or the ad that you're looking for.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, phase two, this is the… this thing.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it is still checking.
Dileep Karri: In the meanwhile, I will do the next phase, which is the storyboard.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the storyboard part of it.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so it is giving the design, storyboard, language, everything. So, it is kind of putting the hook problem scene, the problem amplification, the primary text color, the accent colors, etc. You want to do this, authentication to log in.
Dileep Karri: If you have… if the site has authentication, it will not work, okay? This will work well for landing pages. Landing pages typically don't have authentication, so that should be fine.
Dileep Karri: So, typography mapping, exactly what is a typography, the shape language, what are the rectangles, icons, everything. The component translation.
Dileep Karri: the background treatment, the motion principles. See, a lot of it is language that we don't understand, okay? But that is fine. We are allowing AI to build that language for us before we actually build the storyboard.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now we are going to the next phase.
Dileep Karri: Where I am saying, create a screen-by-screen storyboard for the video ad.
Dileep Karri: So basically, this is, in a way, right, what we are doing right now.
Dileep Karri: Okay, what we're doing right now is a prompt chaining framework.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'm taking a complex task, which is building my ad, I am breaking it down into steps, and each step's output becomes, like, the input for the next step, and that will reduce the amount of errors.
Dileep Karri: The other important part is, whenever there is something, a problem that is at the top, like, for example, the visual language is off.
Dileep Karri: You can correct the visual language in the initial steps, and not when you have built the ad and then saying, oh my god, the visual language is off, I need to change something. You will do it right in the beginning, so that all your changes kind of are percolated from the top and not at the bottom.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, this approach that you're seeing, it is not like, okay, you know what, I can apply for remotion skills. It is something that I can show anywhere I want. Like, any problem you are looking at, break it down, break it into individual prompts.
Dileep Karri: And build it in this way. That way, it works very well. So, here our scene structure is ready.
Dileep Karri: 15 video ad, 15 seconds, stop scroll with relatable pane, etc, and all that. Then scene chaos Hook.
Dileep Karri: problem amplification. I'm not going too much in detail, but, you know, just to show you that I am building the, different ads, step by step.
Dileep Karri: Solution reveal. What is the solution? Which is ragency.
Dileep Karri: Right? Then, social proof stats, I can, if you have some stats, you can put those, or I can put some dummy stats. Benefit snapshot, then form CTA, then timing verification, etc, like what time what, modular notes, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this is the storyboarding, which is available. So now, it is about component architecture, which is, like, how each component should look. So what happens is, this will actually first build the components, and then build the ad.
Dileep Karri: So you have the storyboard, now the components will be built.
Dileep Karri: So that is the next step. So for that, you will go into the… asset inventory.
Dileep Karri: Wherein, I am providing the complete assets that are required.
Dileep Karri: Okay, one point I want to mention, this is very context-heavy right now.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so there is a lot of tokens that are going to be consumed in this approach. My suggestion is start with this approach. When you feel that for your assets or for your thing, a lesser number of steps would be required, you can cut off a few steps in between.
Dileep Karri: For example, if you have assets, like, if you have the photographs or your screenshots of your product that you think are already available in the folder, you can say, these are the assets in the folder, you come to the screen architecture, you ask it, go to the assets.
Dileep Karri: tell which assets you're going to use, and directly build it up, okay? I am trying to do the complete from-scratch approach, so that it becomes very easy for people where it is not there, okay? Revise the storyboard, reformat, my previous storyboard is this.
Dileep Karri: Want condensed?
Dileep Karri: I think, approved, we will move to Phase 4.
Dileep Karri: We can move to… There's… Or…
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now this is where, basically, No.
Dileep Karri: Various assets, icons, whatever is required.
Dileep Karri: So I'm asking for design rules, the asset name and convention. What are the assets we'll require to create this video for us?
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it can be your product icon, you can be your screenshots, suppose you want to show a few things, you can see product feature icons, abstract shapes and decorative elements which are required for 1, 3, and 4 CTA elements, etc, and all of that.
Dileep Karri: So, while Claude cannot create write, it can create images through code. It can import some libraries and create that overall, so you don't have to worry about that aspect.
Dileep Karri: Okay, then I'll say…
Dileep Karri: The next part?
Dileep Karri: Skills and all are not required. Skills will be called when we are actually building the ad. Right now, this is the process before we invoke the remotion skills.
Dileep Karri: So, if you see this, right, all of this fade-in, fade out, slide-in, slide out, scale-in, scale out, etc, you don't even know that such motion design principles exist.
Dileep Karri: So, this I took from a motion design person, who said, what are the fundamentals of motion design? So, you know that video, YouTube video, right? Hey, for those of you who don't know motion design, here are the few things you need to know.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I picked that YouTube video, I took the transcript of the YouTube video, I reverse-engineered the transcript, I dumped the transcript and said, now use the points in the transcript and put it in the form of a prompt.
Dileep Karri: That's how this prompt has come.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so basically, I… the way this process has been built is looking at the work of motion designers and trying to replicate that. You can build anything you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I can build thumbnails, I can build a bunch of stuff, etc. So, it has built the primitive specifications, everything. So, you see this, right? Stagger children, slide-in, slide direction, etc, scale-in, pulse accent, scale-in, etc. So, these are the different
Dileep Karri: components that remotion uses.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So these are… this is how Remotion code is written to give the video.
Dileep Karri: So for remotion, this is the code input, and the output is the video that you get.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For those of you asking, can I use audio? If you have Level Labs API,
Dileep Karri: You can attach the Levels API, and you can even do a background narration.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, after this, if time permits, let me check. I have not tested the Level Labs part. Let me see if I have the API credits, etc. to do that. Okay? And hopefully, we should be able to kind of, do that, or what I'll do is…
Dileep Karri: I will tell Claude Code to give me a narration that can sync with the video. I'll take the narration, go to, Levin Labs, and then it can work.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so Warren, yeah, I tried it already, great, we will use it overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now, component structure.
Dileep Karri: Okay, we are closer to the game, so once we finish this ride, we will, do that change.
Dileep Karri: So, this is, like, a prompt I can use for any project. It's very, it's very templated in nature, if you see. I have not made it for a specific thing. It is just that you give a landing page. How do you create ad for that? That is what it is made for. You can call, later if required.
Dileep Karri: Okay, here is the complete component architecture.
Dileep Karri: So basically, what we are doing right now is, we are coming to this.
Dileep Karri: Place wherein we are trying to now build the complete
Dileep Karri: code that will bring our storyboard to life, okay? So if you see here, this is all the storyboard and, you know, everything that was required.
Dileep Karri: Sylvia, it is easy. The reason I'm going step-by-step is, I want more control on the output, and if something goes wrong, I want to correct it in the beginning phase itself.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I can go into fully automated build as I want, but I want more control over my ad, that's why I'm going step-by-step. Once you get the confidence that Cloud Code is following the brief very well, you can do the process. The reason I'm doing it is to show you the step-by-step process that is required.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it has built all the components and the different parts that are required, okay? So everything is coming together now.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: And when you see the output, you'll understand why this process is important, okay?
Dileep Karri: Now, the next part…
Dileep Karri: Yes, you can still do that, I guess you can still do that.
Dileep Karri: So, process was nothing. I tried to go through multiple videos on how motion design process is done. I looked at other creators' videos on their workflows, everything, etc.
Dileep Karri: Oh, it's a FaceTime, I'm sorry, I think it didn't copy.
Dileep Karri: Properly.
Dileep Karri: Yep.
Dileep Karri: So it is now, writing the different… code, and
Dileep Karri: Wait, is it stopped, or what is happening?
Dileep Karri: Not required. Now, it is not actually required, because we are anyways building a lot of stuff, so we have enough context.
Dileep Karri: Oh, you're saying here, right? Yeah.
Dileep Karri: Anyway, the auto-compaction will be done, so it is fine.
Dileep Karri: I'll just, for, you know, the auto-compaction, what I'll do is this.
Dileep Karri: Since the… Context is low. Ensure you have… the key elements… Needed to build The art by my… specifications…
Dileep Karri: use…
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now that I have given a bunch of stuff already, it is there. In fact, if I used Opus 4.6, it has 1 million contacts, so I could have easily done this process. Here, because I'm using Sonnet, it has lesser context window, so whenever I'm seeing the warning, I'm kind of telling it to
Dileep Karri: use the best practices and ensure that, I have everything, for all that.
Dileep Karri: I will say…
Dileep Karri: Yes?
Dileep Karri: So, now that we have built the project the morning after you shut down your PC, nothing. I'll say, you know, start… resume the work on the project, look at,
Dileep Karri: all of the files, etc. Look at the context and, you know, resume from there. Tell me what you have done yesterday, and what you are going to do today, according to the plan. So, because I remember, at least to some extent, what has been done in the previous day, I will check if Claude also has the same context.
Dileep Karri: If Claude has a gap in the context between me and Claude, I will give a follow-up prompt saying, hey, you missed that we had done this, this, this yesterday. Include that also in the claud.md, so that we are all on the same page. So that's how I bring back the project up once I shut down the PC.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so think of it like you're doing a stand-up or a scrum meeting with this cloud code. Okay, what have you done yesterday? What have you done… going to do today? Etc. And when you find there is a gap, call out that gap and ensure that you are, holding it, accountable.
Dileep Karri: See, Rustall is all code, if you see, right? Everything that it is writing is completely code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so you have set up enough context with all the assets, the basic root code, etc, all that. So, from now on, it is all about, you know, the amount of context that it is trying to
Dileep Karri: write, etc. And right now, because it is coding, even though the context is gone, it has the basic elements that are available to build everything that is required.
Dileep Karri: Increase for the… so, any plan, it is the model level where the thing has increased, actually.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, I have it all ready now.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so… I need to go inside this folder, so let me… Open another tab.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll go inside this.
Dileep Karri: I see… Agency video. So then… I will run.
Dileep Karri: So, the moment of truth, it is just a React app at the end of the day.
Dileep Karri: How will the ads be? We'll see, even I don't know.
Dileep Karri: Okay? If I can download those elements, I can put in a folder those elements, and I can give that.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Okay? We have not provided the audio yet, okay? So we can provide the audio also. So we now will try to add those, this thing, okay?
Dileep Karri: Now, I'll say…
Dileep Karri: I want to add some kind of a custom music to this, along with an audio. Can you give me an audio that can go very well with the video, so that I can add that also?
Dileep Karri: So, mostly it doesn't have that, available, but you saw the video, right?
Dileep Karri: which is very simple, it is neat, and this kind of forms, like, a great showcase video you can send to anybody. Not too much, as somebody mentioned, gimmicks, okay.
Dileep Karri: Got it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so you have to add, the different music, etc, and, you can,
Dileep Karri: So, because it cannot generate audio files, it is saying, how you can add, you know…
Dileep Karri: the audio, or 11 Labs you can add, etc, and all that. So it has kind of given this thing. So let us now do a find from Suno, right? These are the music characteristics, okay? So, these are the typical music characteristics that we want.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so what we can do is, we can go to sunu.ai.
Dileep Karri: I think I'll have to share my…
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is decent. I don't think I… can I download it?
Dileep Karri: Yeah, I can download.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it's not allowing me to download.
Dileep Karri: Alright, no worries.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so find a track, minimal track on Pixabay Music, so I'll say…
Dileep Karri: I'll follow them, let me see if I'm able to develop that.
Dileep Karri: Decent.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, I have downloaded the audio.
Dileep Karri: then I'll… Go to Claude.
Dileep Karri: So, let me check where it has downloaded.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll copy this.
Dileep Karri: I'll go into… AI projects… Then, Automation Agency.
Dileep Karri: Video, and then… Paste it.
Dileep Karri: Yeah.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I paste it in the folder.
Dileep Karri: No, I'll say… in the… folder… I added a new Audio file… Put it… With the… there you go.
Dileep Karri: So it has checked the audio file that I added, it'll try to integrate it into the video.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it found the audio file, it is going to move it right now.
Dileep Karri: Okay, in fact, if I add the Level Labs API, right, I can, add a voiceover also.
Dileep Karri: Alright, it is saying it is ready.
Dileep Karri: So…
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now, if I want to incorporate the audio file also, okay? So let us do that.
Dileep Karri: I want to add a human voiceover also for this. Can you kind of generate a human voiceover that will go exactly with this video? I will generate the audio, and I'll again share it with you.
Dileep Karri: Voice over… script, I mean.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let us see if we can add a human voiceover also with this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, we can add other elements also. There are a lot of elements you can add. See, we are trying to make a minimalist video, right, for our agency.
Dileep Karri: But cool, right? You don't have to be a motion graphic designer or anything. You had a website, you built your website, and you built your ad also from Cloud Code, without you trying to, you know, hire a motion graphic designer who can do this, right? I'm not a motion graphic designer, neither are you.
Dileep Karri: But you could take the ideas and actually, you know, build a very decent ad with music.
Dileep Karri: Etc, all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I can just take this… particular, thing.
Dileep Karri: Okay, let me go to… 11 Labs…
Dileep Karri: And go to text-to-speech.
Audio shared by Dileep Karri: Scene 1. 0 to 2 seconds.
Dileep Karri: I want to use it
Dileep Karri: I want to use the above as a prompt into Levin Labs, so that the speech gets generated properly. Can you help me with the right prompt to kind of put it inside Levin Labs?
Dileep Karri: Okay, so when you're trying to do this, you'll have to do it this way, or give Elevenlabs API directly to kind of do that. Okay, so let me see if we have the API.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: I mean… I'll say… emotion.
Dileep Karri: Alright.
Dileep Karri: Anyways, I'm going to…
Dileep Karri: you know, deactivated to post the session, so I'm very confident that even if it is there, it is fine. I just wanted to show you how it'll work.
Dileep Karri: Here is Levin Labs.
Dileep Karri: API key… Help me, too.
Dileep Karri: Generate a voice over.
Dileep Karri: Further radio.
Dileep Karri: Yes, you can, actually, you can, you know what, you can use the, you know, you can even use the…
Dileep Karri: What do you call?
Dileep Karri: You can use Hajin also into remotion, so if you have the Hagen API key, you can take the clone that you have and use the Hagen API key to make a clone voiceover talking, and you have a talking head also.
Dileep Karri: So, yeah, somewhat like that, but think about it, right?
Dileep Karri: you… How do you put it?
Dileep Karri: Yes, you might need those elements, but you can use it anywhere you want, and if you think about hiring a person, instead, you can have the creative control to do that. In fact, Pixabay, there is absolutely no cost used. I have used the direct file directly. I have not done anything else.
Dileep Karri: A safer way is to put it in… I would say the safer way is to kind of put it in a .env file. Here, I'm anyways going to deactivate, so I… for quickly… for the sake of quickness, I have done that, but for you guys, I would always say that open a .env file.
Dileep Karri: add your API keys there, and then try to use it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, complete video ad is ready, so let us see how it has come up.
Audio shared by Dileep Karri: Still running your agency like it's 2015? Manual workflows, expensive tools, and bills that keep growing. What if you could get custom automation that actually works, without breaking the bank?
Audio shared by Dileep Karri: 24-hour delivery. Zero code needed. Real ROI. Still running your agency like it's 2015? Manual workflows, expensive tools, and bills that keep growing. What if you could get custom automation that actually works, without breaking the bank?
Audio shared by Dileep Karri: 24-hour delivery. Zero code needed. Real ROI. Still running your agency like it's 2015?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Neat. I would still say there are some improvements, etc, that you need to do, but overall, it is neat, okay? There is a music, there is this thing. Some sync is required, as mentioned, right? But when I'm giving the prompt itself, I can say, you know.
Dileep Karri: you can do something else. I can say, give a female voice, etc, etc. I can do all of that, okay? But this is the entire process.
Dileep Karri: Of how you can build some great ads overall with this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, suppose you want to change a few things, etc. How can you download it? Very easy. There is this thing called render over here, right?
Dileep Karri: There is a thing called render. You can say click on render, and it'll become the output file. For example, I'll do the render.
Dileep Karri: I'll say… Render.
Dileep Karri: So here, it is making your agency ad, it is going to build the complete thing for you.
Audio shared by Dileep Karri: Still running your agency like it's 20…
Audio shared by Dileep Karri: Still running your agency like it's 2015? Manual workflows, expensive tools, and bills that keep growing. What if you could get custom automation that actually works, without breaking the bank? 24-hour delivery, zero code needed, real ROI.
Dileep Karri: Right? So I can export it also wherever I want.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so this is the way you can vibe create your entire ad. So now I'll kind of bring everything together and kind of, you know, tell you the complete process that we have done, so that you understand this. The core behind this is the remotion library.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so the core behind this is a re-motion library, which tries to kind of give you the design language.
Dileep Karri: per videos.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You are trying to use the design language wherein you can explain how your video should move from step to step, so that entire motion graphics you have
Dileep Karri: Created as part of the code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So the prompts that you have seen, right? The prompts is, all it is doing is, it is understanding the problem, like, for what are you making the ad?
Dileep Karri: What are you making the ad?
Dileep Karri: Okay? What is the product? What is the pain point? What is the CDA? So, the product…
Dileep Karri: the pain point?
Dileep Karri: and the CTA, you are kind of understanding whatever it is, and then you are, step by step, what you are doing is, you are understanding the, you know, the landing page, because what you're doing is selling from a landing page. From landing page, you get all the elements.
Dileep Karri: From elements, you try to understand the storyboard.
Dileep Karri: From Storyboard, you try to think about the assets.
Dileep Karri: What you have, and from assets, right, you try to construct the components.
Dileep Karri: Components become code, then you have additional stuff like music, plus the… voice.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And then you have the final.
Dileep Karri: Add that you can use.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this exactly, like, without you arranging the elements and trying to do stuff. In fact, what you have seen right now is something that people use Adobe After Effects, which is a very premium software. People use Adobe After Effects, and if you can look at some other videos, they use Adobe After Effects.
Dileep Karri: To actually achieve the same effects that we have seen, which we have wipe-coded.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this is a great way to kind of build your videos, build your stuff, so that you are able to at least get the starting points. I'm not saying this is a professional ad that is going to kill all ad makers, etc. I'm not saying that. What I'm saying is, as a builder, or
Dileep Karri: If you are working in your office, your side hustle, or your agency, or your product.
Dileep Karri: You now don't have an excuse of, okay, I don't have a creator who can build that ad for me.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I can easily do that. While there is no duration limitation for the video, always start at 15-20 seconds, because people don't have too much attention. Then, when you have a good script, extend it to 1 minute, 2 minutes, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay, there is no restriction as such.
Dileep Karri: But, like, you should understand that for every 15 seconds you are adding, it is getting more and more.
Dileep Karri: I would say filmmaking, it is not really the idea for filmmaking, because filmmaking, you require sceneries and assets. For that, you have got VO, Higgs field, etc. Those are what it is trying to do. Here, it is the motion graphics, like product demos, right? If you want to showcase your product.
Dileep Karri: You want to showcase your offering, and you want to, for example, you want a video that has to be plugged into your website, which you want to play for your visitors on the top of the fold. You can create that video with RingMotion.
Dileep Karri: Okay? There are people who have kind of used pictures of people and tried to kind of use it. It can be used there. You can mimic any creator, but what you can do is, I can give you an idea. Take a motion graphic video from YouTube that you like.
Dileep Karri: Download that, there are a lot of YouTube downloaders available. Put it in Google AI Studio, and ask Gemini to reverse engineer the script watching the video.
Dileep Karri: So, Gemini is a very… Gemini, what it does is, when you give it a video, it will watch it frame by frame, and every frame is analyzed by Nano Banana Pro.
Dileep Karri: Okay, with that, it gets a complete feel of what the video is about, and it can give you the complete, what do you say? It gives you a decent, language of what is happening inside the video.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: This is what I wanted to cover today, which was mainly the custom skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then I wanted to go from custom skills to build a landing page, and landing page to building a video ad using remotion, and that is the complete workflow. I have already shared the assets to you on the chat. If there are anything else, you could do that.
Dileep Karri: For those of you asking about that, right, let me show you… I was doing some experimentation, let me show you that. Okay, here only it is.
Dileep Karri: So I actually uploaded a video, okay? So I uploaded one of our YouTube videos.
Dileep Karri: And I said, if I have to recreate the assets with Nano Banana Pro, how do I do it, etc. So the visual foundation, it is saying, base colors, use dark charcoal for backgrounds.
Dileep Karri: Cream for primary text. Glowing look is achieved with cyber green or terracotta orange. Typography, aim for sans-serif, like Poppins or Laura.
Dileep Karri: Creating assets, close-up 3D render of a futuristic humanoid, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I can take this prompt, then… I can do this, and… I can ask it to…
Dileep Karri: So, I wanted a 3D render, sorry.
Dileep Karri: Okay, some problem over here, but I can… Copy this, go to… GeminiGoogle.com.
Dileep Karri: tools, I can say, create image.
Dileep Karri: And there I go.
Dileep Karri: So, I have taken a video, I can upload the video. Yes, yes, they will be available in the LMS also, okay? Though not exactly the way I wanted, at least somewhat it is close to the assets, okay? It is not exact asset that was there in the video, it is somewhat close.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, that's, exactly that we are doing. Ralph, I will talk tomorrow, because it requires a lot more discussion, and I don't want to overload you with this. I wanted to just cover these two workflows, because I know that it's a lot of steps
Dileep Karri: That we have gone through, so we will…
Dileep Karri: I'll do the Q&A right now and, you know, kind of wind up the session for today. Tomorrow, I'm going to talk about Ralph, and basically tomorrow will be NATON, how you will run your NATON workflows, how do you build it with Cloud Code, what are the things you need to do.
Dileep Karri: And, Ralph… see, one thing is, Ralph I will cover, but I will not demonstrate too much, because it eats tokens like anything, number one, and I have found it not to be so effective. So instead, I'll talk about other workflows for coding which would be much more effective, so that, it can do this.
Dileep Karri: What if the application needs a user account? How do we get around it? If the application requires a user account, it is difficult to do that.
Dileep Karri: Ideally, it is tough to do that. Some people try to do automation testing and kind of do that, but otherwise, it is tough to…
Dileep Karri: do this. This is very well useful for places where we have landing pages, okay? Landing pages are accessible, and you can do this. Can we build end-to-end apps using Cloud Code? Definitely, yes. Day one of Cloud Code, I had actually taken from idea to the complete end-to-end.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so just check the, day one… this is the third Cloud Code session, so the first session I had done, I had actually shown, everything that built end-to-end.
Dileep Karri: Can we include it in NATAM credentials and in workflows? Technically possible, it can do that, but
Dileep Karri: You know, I would still suggest you to let it create the template and import there. That is how I continue to do that, because I want to do the checks and balances.
Dileep Karri: recommend to use this for my product demo rather than creating a Loom video. See, again, this is not a product demo, okay? Product demo is very different. This is like, you know, trying to,
Dileep Karri: you know, showcase an ad for your product, or showcase some aspect of your product. It is not, like, a full-fledged demo, you cannot show, because you have to… for that, you have to have a video of how you're navigating your product, which is not…
Dileep Karri: Everything, that is there.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Can the apps be production ready? More or less, very close to production. I'll talk a little bit more about test-driven development, et cetera, tomorrow, as to what you can do to take your products to more production readiness.
Dileep Karri: Testing and security are one few factors. I will talk a little bit about it, and then maybe a little later on, I'll have a session done on this aspect.
Dileep Karri: Reverse engineering of YouTube ad, nothing stylish, it was just saying that here is the YouTube ad, these are the ad assets, etc. that I have. Analyze the frames, and tell me the prompt that we could have done.
Dileep Karri: Approximate the token usage today. See, I think today, we have done compaction, so we have used almost 200,000 tokens. Easily 200,000 tokens.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so with the 200,000 tokens that are there, you can look at how much the Sonnet 4.5 cost is, you know, a token level, and then you can figure out how much it is, but my guess is we might have used close to $10 to $15 today, including everything, the landing page as well as the ad creation.
Dileep Karri: Can we do it once with Pomeli, etc? Pomeli, you can create… see, Pomeli still… it only creates the basic assets, it is not a full-fledged solution, okay? It is still very nascent.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it can get you some assets, extract the assets, which you can maybe, use for your some, create some assets, then you can animate them with remotion. That's what I feel Pommele can help, to create assets which you can animate later on.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Yes, you can use Remotion with anti-gravity, cursor, claw code, everywhere, because end of the day, it's a library.
Dileep Karri: Okay, what we had done is, we had done the agent skills.
Dileep Karri: Right? We have used… basically, what we have done is, we have… we have used the remotion library, but we have used the ReMotion Best Practices Agent skill to kind of create a neat-looking video from our storyboard. That's what we have done.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, and see, we are not doing a separate session on anti-gravity, because you… if you have seen cursor, anti-gravity is exactly the same. It is just like… see, if I teach you Excel sheet, will I teach you Google Sheets? Right? There is no point in teaching Google Sheets after teaching you Excel. Very similar, there is no point in,
Dileep Karri: You know, trying to do that.
Dileep Karri: Lonnie, we will share that, by Wednesday, okay? I know we have been doing a lot of stuff, etc. I will share that on Wednesday. For the next entire weeks, what our curriculum is left, etc. But to just give you a connecting the dot recap, etc, what we have been doing, till now, we have been learning different phases of how to build projects and different
Dileep Karri: Problems that we are trying to solve.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So you had looked at a little bit of N8, you had looked at Cursor, you had looked at some RAG systems.
Dileep Karri: you had looked at a little bit of AU, you had looked at monetization, you looked at cursor, you looked at Cloud Code, so different ways of how you can build, and not just build, but monetize stuff also, right? For example, on the first Cloud Code session, I talked about, you know, if you don't have an idea.
Dileep Karri: How do you pick and build an idea that can be useful to you to generate leads, and how you can execute that via cloud code?
Dileep Karri: That's what we had done. On day two of Cloud Code, we talked about custom skills, basic skills, and we talked about plugins, we talked about sub-agents that can work as interns that is there.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That's what we had, tried to do, okay? So we will give you the complete, this thing, and in the next week, I promise to give you the rest of the…
Dileep Karri: things which are going to cover. We have covered a lot, okay? We have covered a lot of aspects, and if needed, I will do a Loom video also, where I'll explain what we have done, what we are going to do, and how things are getting connected.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and next week, I'll also tell Harshit to do a refresher session to kind of connect the dots.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: All right, what is the best way to collect the… connect the, token usage per project? Do we build a skill for that? Unfortunately, not so easy to do that, okay? It is not very easy to, you know, kind of estimate the token usage, because
Dileep Karri: how much tokens it will take, it is very hard to estimate, because even when I'm doing it right, I found it difficult to estimate. But I can tell you this, when you're trying to build somewhat, like.
Dileep Karri: something like a code, there more tokens will be used. Where you're trying to make a plan, etc, lesser tokens will be used. So you can kind of do a ballpark here and there, and try to do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? How can we redesign this to add images to create Instagram ads? Let's say, example, an ad for selling a new launch of your property, etc, and all that. See, this is, remotion, you should understand, is good for, something like landing pages, or something like take your product screenshots.
Dileep Karri: or something like your SaaS product, those kind of things. What you are saying is, for a new launch of a property, if you have got the property assets on your landing page, remotion is best, but if you are looking for an on-site video with an AI video that needs to take, I would suggest Higgsfield VO3.1 to be a better one to do that.
Dileep Karri: That would be better than anything else.
Dileep Karri: how can we use Remotion Library across different, projects,
Dileep Karri: if I'm working on multiple projects. So, it's a library, actually. Remotion is a library given by the folks of Versal SDK, if you know a little bit of Versal, right? So, it is available overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay, notice the atomic phase-by-phase approach in your workflow, similar to sprints of gated delivery. How important is the structure when working with AI to avoid shallow or generic outputs? See, especially when you are working on something where, you know, you don't have domain expertise, that is where this workflow becomes important.
Dileep Karri: See, if you are not a motion graphic designer, and you're trying to create a motion graphic design video, which is what remotion is used for, that is where this approach is very, very important. If you are already an expert in that, you don't require this approach. You know exactly what are the things you should say in your prompt to get the right amount.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: The way AI is evolving with so many new technologies, difficult for a non-technical person to keep up once this course is completed. Sailesh, I will tell you this, you have been accelerator, now you are doing Catalyst, or everything else, right? You should be in a position to test and experiment with different things.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so you should not be in that position. See, right now, at least tell me, guys, everybody, it's a question to everybody. Are you able to look at a technology and understand three things? Is it useful to me, or should I try it right now, or should I try it later on?
Dileep Karri: Are you guys able to get that pulse right away?
Dileep Karri: If you are able to get that pulse, you are sorted. You don't have to worry too much. For example, I'll tell you, I definitely… I have not really played with MoldBot, or OpenClaw, etc, and all that. The reason being, I know that a lot of it is hype, and a lot of it is non-hype.
Dileep Karri: Okay? A lot of what we are trying to do is a lot of… there is a lot of hype involved behind multiple things. So wherever there is too much of hype, I kind of hold back and not… I try it one month later.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For example, Claude Kowork, I have tried it extensively. I know that there is still 30 more days for it to mature.
Dileep Karri: They are still figuring out Cloud co-work. Cloud Code has been for one year. In fact, the February 17th is the first year birthday of Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, they are doing a huge party in San Francisco. Everybody in San Francisco, you can drop into the Anthropic headquarters.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, but yeah, that's exactly what you are doing.
Dileep Karri: That is great, Lonnie. For example, I am,
Dileep Karri: doing, I do it on Hostinger, so I have OpenCraw on Hostinger, and actually, I'm really scared as to how people are giving it emails and documents.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Anytime if it decides, okay, let me send an email and get this person fired, it can hijack my email, send an email to Vibo, scolding Weibo, or doing some nonsense, and I could get… actually get fired.
Dileep Karri: Right? So… Very… you have to be very careful with this technology.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Sharing a full buffet of services, agency landing page code. Yeah, I'll just package it a little bit, and I'll get it uploaded on the LMS. I will share that.
Dileep Karri: Can we share something like automating the response to the ad via DM? Like, trend is type XYZ to get the prompt? That is very easy. That Instagram, there is ManyChat, there is a direct tool to do that. You don't have to reinvent the wheel there.
Dileep Karri: I think ManyChat is the tool.
Dileep Karri: I don't think it is completely wipe-coded.
Dileep Karri: Because the creator of OpenClause, this is his 43rd project.
Dileep Karri: 42 projects he shipped before this went viral.
Dileep Karri: I don't think it is web-coded, but now they want to evolve it to a complete system, and they're going to monetize it very soon, because they're holding a lot of seminars, the guy is going on to a lot of podcasts and saying that he wants to automate the stuff, etc.
Dileep Karri: others, yeah. Yeah, ManyChat is the only tool. Anything others you try, it will block you.
Dileep Karri: Okay, by the way, XAPI pay-per-use has launched, so if you want to develop some applications on Twitter or X, you can do that right now. Earlier, they stopped it, now they have, again, released the pay-per-use API.
Dileep Karri: Okay, any other questions, folks?
Dileep Karri: Right? Hope you like the session, right? It's a little different session, and the workflow was a little evolved, that's why I kept it only to, this thing.
Dileep Karri: Right? The idea was to kind of show you the complete scope of things and try to help you build the ad, etc. Tomorrow will be a little more uncomfortable session, but the first half should be fine. Aniton part should be fine. The post-NITAN part will be something that you… I will…
Dileep Karri: Give you enough warnings, and
Dileep Karri: You know, disclaimers when we get into that part.
Dileep Karri: All right?
Dileep Karri: Anything part is straightforward, the other part is where… because even when, I am trying to understand trial floop especially, right, it is, it is…
Dileep Karri: I used it.
Dileep Karri: It is not, oh my god, it blew my mind type. That's what I felt after using Ralph code.
Dileep Karri: the Ralph Loop.
Dileep Karri: It is decent, but I felt it was an overkill. I would rather go with the other workflow I taught on day one, and therefore I will talk a little bit about spec-driven development, test-driven development, to give you some tips, and maybe I'll also put a document of the tips, I will put it together, and I'll walk you through the document and share the document with you, so that you have that as a reference whenever you want to use it.
Dileep Karri: Alright, thank you folks, and we will meet tomorrow. Take good rest, and be fresh for tomorrow, and, you know.
Dileep Karri: try to check whatever you can see. I know it's a little difficult, but at least once the recording is up, try to check how I had done it. If you have got an API, it can do stuff, okay? You can,
Dileep Karri: be rest assured of that. And tomorrow, I'll also… what I'll do is, I will show you how you can even build an MCP server in a non-tech manner inside Cloud Code. Okay, I'll do that.
Dileep Karri: And what I'll do is, I will show you how I will take a OCR API, which has recently been introduced, called ServAM, and see how you can build a MCP server of ServAM inside Cloud Core.
Dileep Karri: Okay, we will do that tomorrow. So first, NA10, then MCP Server, and then we'll discuss other things like Ralph Loop, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Thanks folks, see you tomorrow.